Content System - Rome (#3)
Joystream/joystream-content-system: resources/README.md

- [Workflow](#workflow)
- [Properties](#properties)
  - [Property Types](#property-types)
<!-- TOC END -->

# Overview

This section is meant to complement the explanation of the concepts on the repo [landing readme](../README.md)
The design of the system and its workflow is outlined below. For some, it may be easier to follow the [examples](examples) instead, or read them in parallel.

## Validation
Although the actual extrinsics and runtime operations happens through the two [substrate](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate) modules [substrate-versioned-store-module](https://github.com/Joystream/substrate-versioned-store-module) and [substrate-versioned-store-permissions-module](https://github.com/Joystream/substrate-versioned-store-permissions-module), both the `Content Curators` and `Content Creators` will talk to these modules through the [versioned-store-js](https://github.com/Joystream/versioned-store-js).

## JSON-schemas
This [versioned-store-js](https://github.com/Joystream/versioned-store-js) tool allows us to use "human readable" `JSON-schemas`, which must not be confused with [schemas](../README.md#schemas) or [validation JSON-schemas](#validation-schemas).

> The advantage of using `JSON-schemas` that follows the [JSON Schema standard](https://json-schema.org/) is that it's both structured enough to avoid confusion, yet far easier to learn and parse than `rust` code. The `JSON-schemas` can be used to perform all 6 [operations](#versioned-store-write-operations) as the [versioned-store-js](https://github.com/Joystream/versioned-store-js) will use them as input, validate them, construct the `extrinsics`, and broadcast them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantage of using `JSON-schemas` that follows the [JSON Schema standard](https://json-schema.org/) is that they are both structured enough to avoid confusion, yet far easier to learn and parse than `rust` code. The `JSON-schemas` can be used to perform all 6 [operations](#versioned-store-write-operations) as the [versioned-store-js](https://github.com/Joystream/versioned-store-js) will use them as input, validate them, construct the `extrinsics`, and broadcast them.
```

  - If there are no restriction for creating

## Validation schemas

The `validation schemas`, validates that the `JSON-schema` contains valid input for the [operation](#versioned-store-write-operations) it is trying to perform. In addition to being validated in the [versioned-store-js](https://github.com/Joystream/versioned-store-js) tool, a `JSON-schema` can also be validated against its appropriate `validation schemas` by the wonderful online tool [jsonschemavalidator.net](https://www.jsonschemavalidator.net/).

Note that both of these checks will of not be able to catch errors in `JSON-schemas` that stem from input data conflicting with what is currently in the `versioned-store`, or consider [permissions](../README.md#permissions). They should instead be seen as the first line of defense.

# Workflow

The following workflow assumes the user has the correct permissions, and uses the [versioned-store-js](https://github.com/Joystream/versioned-store-js) instead of Pioneer. As such, it's mostly applicable to current and future `Content Curators`

# Properties

## Property Types

> When a `property` is created, it has to be assign a `type`. The code snipped below is taken from the current [implementation](https://github.com/Joystream/substrate-versioned-store/blob/master/src/lib.rs):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a `property` is created, it has to be assigned a `type`. The code snipped below is taken from the current [implementation](https://github.com/Joystream/substrate-versioned-store/blob/master/src/lib.rs):
```
